



Mobile E-commerce app integration for Inventory Management System


Detailed Design


Group 8 – Members:
1) Conciso, Psalmwel Kyle M.
2) Laudes, Jaden Louie E.
3) Lising, Gaikenjhi O.
4) Manikan, Isaiah Gabriel S.











I.	Project Description

Our project entitled “Mobile E-commerce app integration for Inventory Management System” aims to create an interchange between the inventory management system and the customers by creating an Android e-commerce app which will digitally facilitate their needs. 
The mobile app will allow the customer to register with fields such as their name and address.

 	There will be a new component in the inventory management system which will automatically handle requests sent by the app, including fetching available products, choosing the mode of transportation (delivery or pickup), choosing the mode of payment (cash or card), and initiating the transaction. The connection will be initiated between the mobile app and the inventory management system using the WebSocket protocol, which will allow continuous full-duplex communication and will simplify state management between both ends. 

Furthermore, our mobile app will show whether the items are in stock or out of stock in real-time, allowing for prompt reordering and reducing the occurrence of stockouts. In addition, our app will allow users to browse various categories and filter products to their liking, thus improving the user experience. This, in turn, will boost the company's profit and improve customer satisfaction.  

Lastly, the mobile app will also feature a transaction storing function which would help the user view all the transactions done in the store and will aid in the price comparison of current and former prices of the products. This, in turn, would also boost security and allow the business owner to backtrack the transactions as well as check if it is according to what was sold. This also lessens the potential of embezzlement or even just the loss of some inventory as they can conduct a backtracking of transactions made. With the addition of backtracked transactions, the assistance in creating a price comparison will be made easier, making sure that there are changes to the price of the same product bought before and the current price of the product.

II.	Scenarios

Scenario 1: Alex
Alex is an employee of Aling Narcing’s Retail, he helps in doing inventory and seeing through transactions. Alex is having a hard time doing manual inventory thus this application will help him in managing the inventory. Making sure that the stock of the items will never be depleted or overbought. The application boasts a user-friendly interface, allowing Alex to easily navigate through inventory tasks. Real-time updates keep him informed about stock levels, sales, and purchases. With barcode scanning capabilities, adding new items or updating existing ones is a breeze, minimizing errors.

Scenario 2: John
John is a regular customer of Aling Narcing’s Retail, and he wants to order groceries from the comfort of their home. He logs into the app, browses through the available products, adds items to their cart, chooses his preferred mode of transportation and payment, and places the order. The app talks to the inventory management system in real-time to send requests such as getting the available products and initiating a transaction.



III.	Non-goals

This version will NOT support the following features:
•	Multiple user roles (the app is focused for customers only)
•	In-app messaging between customers and the store
•	Product reviews and ratings
•	Automatic restocking of items per store when the stock is below a certain threshold 
•	Real time auditing of profits based on stock consumption
















IV.	System Flowchart

 
V.	Screen by Screen Specification

The mobile app will consist of several screens including Login, Product Listing, Product Details, Cart, and Checkout. The UI will be designed in Android Studio using XML for layout design and Kotlin for functionality.  According to Gerber et al. (2015) Android Studio is an intuitive, feature-rich and effective IDE for Android app development.

I.	Login
 
The login will prompt the customer to log on to the application to access the various features of the application. This is the first screen that users will see. They can enter their registered email and password to log in. By requiring credential access, the application will have an increase in security and prevent malicious intents.

II.	Product Listing
 
The product listing will have all the products available for purchase, this will also help in keeping track of the number of products available. Users can browse and select a product to view more details.

III.	Product Details
 
This screen shows the details of a selected product, including its description and the available stock. Users can specify the quantity and add the product to their cart.

IV.	Cart
 
This screen shows all the products added to the cart. Users can review their selection and proceed to the final step.

V.	Checkout
 
This screen allows users to choose their preferred mode of fulfillment such as pickup or delivery, and the mode of payment. After confirming these details, users can now place the order, and the app will send a request to the inventory management system.
VI.	Database Schema

 



VII.	Appendices

 

Figure 1. A screenshot of the development environment for the mobile app (Android Studio), showing the main activity code.


 
Figure 2. A screenshot of the screen drafts created using Uizard, a UI design platform.



 
Figure 3. A screenshot of the screen drafts created in wireframe mode.




VIII.	References

Gerber, A., & Craig, C. (2015). Learn Android Studio: Build Android Apps Quickly and Effectively. Retrieved March 22, 2024, from https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Learn-Android-Studio%3A-Build-Android-Apps-Quickly-Gerber-Craig/8eb152c012e191481b74d25a35d191dcdc2b0b71

